hi dudes welcome to my coworker is an
idiot uh this is a steam game where uh a
friend of mine my coworker as you can
see is an idiot uh and I have to carry
uh this giant paint of glass to deliver
it and you see we're actually attached
to it we can't separate everything we do
requires us to work together if the
glass gets broken we lose uh and again
this game is called my co-workers an
idiot it's available on Steam it's only
$1.99 when I saw the title I knew who I
had to asked to come play with it so if
you guys think my cooworker is an idiot
hit the like button also hit the
Subscribe button okay how we beat him to
2 million Subs no Biffle I'm not an
idiot well you are right now okay so
here we go your job is deliver glass
that's what I said unfortunately Steve
my best employee is unavailable Steve so
you two will have to do a follow the air
of the construction site I'll wait for
you there all right wait is he implying
that Steve could have done this by
himself yeah dude Steve's buff Biffle
Biffle I'm on Tik Tok I'm
sorry I said I'm sorry why are you on
Tik Tok I was on your Tik Tok I don't
care why are you what is wrong with with
you get out of the road
man oh so okay I how was I supposed to
know the people are going to break it
what do you mean how are you supposed to
know oh I didn't is an idiot is an idiot
it's glass Biffle okay well I didn't
know what kind of glass no now we're
just just yeah no I'm just I'm done I'm
done I'm starting this level over you're
a piece of garbage yes we are no the
glass is fine it's not look at there are
stars at the top look what you did look
what you did Biffle look what you've
made me do what are you doing stop it's
okay this is not
it it look what you did my coworker is
an idiot okay we got this all right you
ready yeah yeah yeah okay ready are you
off Tik
Tok yeah the guy walked into it that's
not on me I heard you put your phone
down while he walked into it that's not
me that wasn't me please that was the
cat we're restarting the level all right
go go go go okay there's people going to
run into this time okay we got to hurry
up get go left go left go left go go
right go right go right go right okay
okay no break simmer okay break up what
go I don't want to okay now we got to we
got to wake we got okay you got to go up
and go right go up and go right why are
you going like that why are you tapping
okay now you go now
go go go in a straight line okay now
you're going to wiggle okay no no you're
going to back it up back it up okay and
then back it in I'm going to let me bi
don't shove bro I'm not shoving you you
know you just you drag me where you want
me to go I willag like I do every day of
our career okay
okay we're good we're good we're good
we're good no I was trying to pull you
away from it what that was e that was
the training level we failed the
training level twice oh okay around the
corner what is this okay come on I got
to look at their controls why do you
need to do that okay I figured it out
good
job okay this one can't be that hard I'm
not sufficiently disappointed to fire
you wow are you my dad it means you have
successfully computed our training
program you will work together uh we
will not we will not trust me hey what
does this uh good to Steve what what
does this do what do you think it does
let me on it let me on it let me on it
please on I got we got to stand on it we
have to stand on it together at the same
time same time same time
go great okay okay you know what
excellent work excellent work no we're
restarting you seen those TI hold on you
ever seen those Tik Tok stop saying the
word Tik Tok no think about it you know
when your down no they I I did I heard
it I heard it thud I did you know when
they hold stop pulling me everywhere I'm
trying to explain something you break
the glass right on purpose to make it
look better that's not what we're doing
that's not person watch Person watch
Person watch my head was in my hands
honestly so I just yeah you know when
they break the glass on purpose this
person
hops the glass is fine the glass we're
good yeah we're good we're good we're
good am I the orange hat one no yes I am
yes I am yes I am watch out for the T
who puts a box on a thing like that Pi
bro bro where are you going I
you you did that okay it like I said
it's for aesthetic they break it on
purpose did no you did that one you hit
the list Caleb put it in for perspective
what I'm talking about no he's not going
to do that Caleb yes he is you know what
I'm talking about Caleb you you're on
Tik Tok Caleb is not on Tik Tok put your
phone down you're like not walking and I
hear you put it down I'm literally the
one moving right now I'm in front what
you talking about oh you're the one with
yellow hat okay I'm
sorry it's right there my coworker ble I
didn't it was my G I'm sorry
told I told you it's for athetic it's
not first real level no yes oh okay well
it still sort of feels like training to
be honest it does it really does yeah
okay it did get a little hectic ready
for a serious this is a first real level
oh okay boss
man yeah okay okay okay listen oh wiggle
wiggle you've been what do you mean now
okay are you going ahead or am I going
ahead were the orange hat last map too
that's not true it is prove it Caleb
replay him saying am I the orange hat
and then saying I am put names above our
heads and track it the whole time okay
thanks
Caleb and then an explosion am I the
orange hat one no yes I am yes I am yes
I am watch out for the thing where are
you watch out for the car oh did you see
those moves did you see those moves what
the heck is this guy what is he doing
stand on the sidewalk stand on the side
stay on the sidewalk why are you not
walking put your phone down I'm not on
my phone I'm letting you like control it
cuz every time I move
moves yeah but if you don't move it's
like a th it weighs 1,000 lb excuse me
are you are you let the let the
pedestrian go please he's pying he's
pying okay okay okay he's Petty go go go
go go go s it set it set it set it set
it up the ladder up the ladder up the
ladder what ladder there's a ladder to
your right go up the ladder wait do you
think we can go up the ladder no we
cannot go up the ladder God you're so
stupid oh we're fine we're fine we're
fine why would you do that no no no
pivot pivot pivot rest in peace rest in
peace go pivot you're two you're two to
the quarter your two the corner your two
two is out of corner bi we're going to
we're cooking we did it baby we did it
everything's fine everything's fine
everything's fine look at this we did it
I'm going I'm going I'm going watch the
people watch the people yeah why is
there so many people go why they all hop
scotch around dude okay careful where
are you going I feel like it's harder to
be on my side than it is to be on your
side I don't think so bi I have to make
I'm controlling the whole thing I I and
I'm on
the what are you doing controlling are
you controlling is that what you're
doing
fine you go first yeah you oh I have
where oh it's not it's not easy when all
of a I'm letting you control it bi I'm
letting you control it bi I thought you
were controlling I thought you were
doing all the work Bibble
huh come on we're going we're going home
okay I want to go home we're going home
yeah I want to go home we're going home
we're going home yeah we're going
home Crossing sorry I got I think it was
I think it was duck I have an idea I'm
taking this to a shortcut this way this
way you have to control the thing man I
I am man through here through here
through here through here here see see
see I'm cooking I am cooking I don't I
have cooked all that to the left we we
would have gone through what oh okay
yeah get out the street get out of the
street see sorry I'm on Tik Tok okay me
see hold on
yep you have an addiction huh sorry are
coming go go go go go watch out for the
light post watch for the pedestrians
turn turn pivot go go go I'm that was
easy that one that one's hard see what
happens when you let go of your control
issues you let other people succeed in
life schils you let other people succeed
we together let's move on I don't move
on from your issue sigs let's go stop I
want a bagel good job on your last
assignment wait really uh that was last
was bit cracked yeah it was good wasn't
cracked we literally got a perfect score
by contract we're only obligated to L
50% of the gra I can't hear you over
that ble the but the problem is Biel
that you and I are cracked I'm getting
the lay of the land I'll turn around
I'll turn around I'll turn around you
got this no you want you want to make
sure you got this go ahead oh I'm sorry
it's not like I'm not the manager okay
oh are you the manager are you what am I
just some random guy you hide on
the what you think was going to
happen what do you think was going to
happen we're going to lose at 50% if you
don't get over get over it's fine it's
fine it's fine everything's fine
everything's cool everything's fine
everything's awesome when you're part of
a team
where are you I I'm in a I'm talking to
the boss what are you doing oh is it not
skip it when I skip it just hit face
okay hit
space I am okay well don't yell at me
this game is a $199 can you go somewhere
I I bet there's like a what a secret you
think you're trying to pull of me yeah
I'm trying to pull of you dude we've
already broken this game my cooworker a
genius come on yeah that's right I
am where are we going you literally hit
the dude on purpose you're supposed to
steer man
I'm tell me what you want for me Mr
manager well you said what you said when
you're not leading you're steering
that's what you said that's not no you
said that I'm manager you tell me what
you where are you where you going
looking for Secrets no no okay man okay
okay man man man man man wait can we get
all hit by our car go in the street hit
him with hit oh God follow me you just
don't go anywhere you just sit there oh
oh turn turn pivot line up let's go
Corner this baby Corner this corner
corner corner are you scared are you
scared you scared and Cook and Cook and
back up back up and in that's how you do
baby Follow My Lead okay even more of
them uh-oh even what do we have to start
carrying do do we have to do laps dude I
don't want to
go I've been married a long time ago
where did you come from look kind of
like us the eyes kind of do yeah I
petitioned the mayor to close off the
city while we deliver glass sadly my
petition was rejected okay well just
like say what hello am I leading or you
leading you're on the right dude go
ahead all right let's go remember
there's a secret over to the right
there's not remember there's a secret to
the right no there's not remember
there's a secret to the right there's
not they blocked off the secret not hold
on
wait okay how come when I go to the
right there's nothing and then when
Biffle goes to the okay fine there's no
Seeker on the right this time watch
where you're going man I did I did
that's why we didn't hit it man
okay my coworker is an idiot watch where
you're going I am
it why did you why did you try to make
that why did you try to make that we're
fine we're fine we we can make it like I
said we don't have to get a perfect
score we just got to go oh but we per go
go go and stop Frogger go go go go dude
this is stressful wait it's to the right
it's to the why are you not no no you
said stop no no no no no you said stop
those were the exact words that you said
I I said stop for a sec you got to like
f watch me watch my body Lang watching
you oh your body language you're a
little look at this okay look at look
where I'm going yeah okay I'm watching
I'm watching I like stopped and then you
go and then you stop and then you go you
said stop the words that came out of
your mouth were stop I stopped and then
you yelled at me go all right and go
right go right go right you're leading
you're leading you're leading you're
leading C right go around go
around angle follow the arrow you mad I
can't okay why is everyone where are we
New York
City what is this are you kidding yo
we're we're walking here hey I'm walking
here you're the back up you're the back
up Let it open up go go go
go he's coming for us go go go go go go
go okay wait all right and go go go
watch out for the guy dive do din Biffle
okay bi angle angles sorry I said sorry
sorry it's fine they won't even notice
just a scratch bivel going fast don't
say bivel that was scary that was that
was stressful I don't like this game I
don't like this game it's is crazy qua
there's cream cheese up ahead cream
cheese o see there we go I love cream
cheese I'm a big fan of cream cheese H
we know all right Pi Pi with a with a
plain bagel a little bit toasted m n
dude it's all about the egg bagels
you're you're wrong and disgusting bro
egg bagels are delicious you look like a
guy that eats McGriddle at 4: in the
afternoon all right I would if you could
order them but McDonald's doesn't do all
day breakfast anymore so what kind of
shade are you throwing come
here why are they so close together none
of us are that
close okay we're good we're good no
we're good we're good we're good it's
leaking go straight go straight go
straight we can't go through this
without you have to turn I you have to
turn
okay if I'm the leader then why were you
not rotating to the rear I don't know if
we can is this a way we can go obviously
okay I feel like we're about to get
robbed
what does that sound why are there like
gunshots going on oh gosh good
everything's fine taking the back alley
with it's less congested walking fast
and moving slow I feel like we could
have just G the normal way I miss you I
feel like uh and I
wonder where are we going if I could
fall into the sky do you think people
would pass me
by cuz I good
luck
miles tonight I'm G to break the glass
on purpose please
don't look
[Music]
that that was a perfect route you
doubted me wake up sorry asep sorry I
got sorry my coworker is an idiot my
coworker is an idiot sorry sorry don't
look at me
want to go want to go I'm stronger than
your fore so I'm literally stronger than
you how does that make you feel yeah
dude the game knows the game Lo me
stoping me around yeah I am and I'll do
it again uh no such a nice day go to
spended hiking you man we're basically
hiking have idea let's go oh no come
back back come back come back all right
we're going to send it only forward okay
forward right three what do you there's
a guy in front of it what do you mean
okay sir two sir this is
[Music]
not right okay
that's okay you know what just go just
just you know what who cares just go
okay go
left come on sigil this is somehow
working wait y wait I don't understand
move on the road we're we're here move
on the road no way bitiful no way left
left lock it lock Lo lock it in lock it
in lock it in let me begin no hold on
don't don't don't don't go there yet I'm
going to there wait that was too easy
did that really just work we can do it
again we can do it again actually no I'm
not oh okay let's go back let's go back
and win let's go
back how did we go through hold on how
did we go through all of that I don't
that was that's bi that was a full
demonstration of bi luck like insane I
think that I will go straight you know
you might have potential after all if
you just slow down and think we're not
going to do that I'm going to be honest
going to be honest you might be a good
glass delivery person one
day thanks probably never be good to Ste
dude freaking Steve setting unrealistic
standards put your phone down it's not
that I want to go on the thingy no the
thingy
do where are we delivering these glass
to uh danger
zone okay we're good we're good we're
good okay watch out for the elevation
difference go wait no no no no no no we
don't have time we don't have time okay
now we had time no we didn't time is all
we have when we were together but where
are you going it stopped up the ladder
you can't climb ladder we don't have
hands we literally have hands but we're
for some reason we're using our gats for
this wait well that's we got to do a
good job
okay
yeah this is scary this is scary okay I
hate you I hate you that wasn't me that
was no you stood in the middle I needed
you to you're stuck go move it's over
bipple it's not over it's not over until
the sigil sings Let's
go okay it's over now I think it's over
you had to rotate no you literally were
in the you stood in the middle I
couldn't swing it hard enough what if we
just skip this part just go this way
okay I'm sorry that I'm thinking with my
brain you turn you turning the wrong
way okay you know what that's on me I'm
sorry yeah I just go go go go go go go
go go
go is that sound
go now now go go go go go go go go go
okay we're good we could have made that
we probably could have but I don't like
it you know that's fine you know what El
I don't like Pi
what breakfast not being sold at
McDonald's after like 11:00 yeah dude
honestly or or uh Chick-fil-A like
honestly what's the deal is the deal let
me eat breakfast when I want to eat
breakfast take your capitalistic
nonsense about no actually thought
capitalis communistic communistic
sense about when breakfast should
be gets really angry
about we had all day breakfast at
McDonald's for like a year and it was
amazing it was the best experience in my
life let me tell you what those 2 a.m.
MCG griddles hit different what the heck
the 2 a.m. McGriddles hit different 2
a.m. McGriddles 400 p.m. MC griddles
yeah dude let me tell you what 11:00
a.m. McGriddle worst time of day to eat
a MC grle statistically it's true's oh
yeah how did you just now see that I for
I was honestly on autopilot why so long
cuz it's going to go back all right will
you just rotate okay swing it's about
time to say I have
diarrhea yeah is there a good time to
say that you have diarrhea maybe at the
international diarrhea Championship
there's that um a funeral uh wait that's
fine no that's fine oh that was in our
glass okay we're good oh let's just
break it thenit don't break our own
glass though in the process you got to
be careful got to be
careful I mean what's a good time to
have diarrhea if you think about it
that's why I said the international
diara championships did you say funeral
yeah what was a funeral you don't want
to be a part of I don't I haven't been
to a funeral you do want to be a part of
dude every time I break one of these I
get so scared bi stop you're like a
you're like a in a tea shop
dude it's coming down like what are you
doing use your brain Kick It In get it
together man I literally cannot oh I
know it is a problem I wish I could
could you imagine how strong I'd be how
powerful I'd be why are you stop why did
you break it what are you doing what are
you doing I want to see I want to
explore what's in that box right there
that's in that box what's in the box man
what's in the listen I'm stronger it's
fine everything's fine why are you I my
coworker as an idiot is is really oh
wait did we just did we just beat it did
we are we better than Steve wait we beat
it ow we we're better than Steve we're
better than Steve take that Steve if
your name is Steve I don't like you no
I'm kidding I love you hit the like
button if you guys think my workers in
hit the Subscribe button if you're new
around here we'll be back soon with